# @vllc/token-generator

Token generator for all github tokens.

## :rocket: Pitch

Stop **wasting** time manually generating tokens. Leverage the github CLI and generate tokens for all yours account across all orgs with this tool.

## :warning: Anti-Pitch

Tokens are security critical and should **always** be generated by trusted scripts.

This program is MIT Licensed and open source to be used at your own risk.

## :gear: Why Use It?

1. You are using HTTPS and generating personal access tokens by hand.
2. You are aware of the opportunity cost of generating tokens.
3. You have multiple accounts or are part of multiple organizations
4. You want a simple local solution

## Features Overview

- Local generation of tokens
- Local Setup of tokens
- (macOS) Local storage of secrets via keystore
- After setup, run the CLI to regenerate tokens. This must be done before tokens expire
  - TODO: Could add a cron job that runs per token to regenerate it if it's going to expire.

## Feature Description

This tool follows a local only approach to generate tokens for user account access. All tokens can be stored in a keystore on apple devices and be used to configure HTTPPaths per repo allowing easy https access for github.

That belong to many organizations or have multiple github accounts. This will allow a unified interface for regenerating tokens all together on a yearly basis so no token expires requiring MANY hours of work if you have more than a couple github accounts or organizations that you contribute to.

## Requirements / Setup

1. Must have access to all github accounts. Must be able to generate an initial github token per organization or github account.
2. After these tokens are generated they all must have the permission to create additional github tokens.
3. The script will generate a token with a prefix so the user is aware when inspecting github that the token was generated from this machine.

## Configuration

| Key    | Default Value | Description                   |
| ------ | ------------- | ----------------------------- |
| prefix | generated\_   | The prefix used in generation |
